chore: change wording and move periods outside of links (#1703)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/deployments/environments.mdx

## Staging environments

> Clerk does not currently support staging instances in Clerk applications. However, you can set up a "staging environment" by creating a separate Clerk application with a separate domain. For more information, lLearn more]\(/docs/deployments/set-up-staging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk does not currently support staging instances in Clerk applications. However, you can set up a "staging environment" by creating a separate Clerk application with a separate domain. For more information, see the [staging guide](/docs/deployments/set-up-staging).
```
